Support for iOS Chrome (#1561)
twilio/twilio-video.js: CHANGELOG.md

**Version 1.x will End of Life on September 8th, 2021.** Check [this guide](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/migrating-1x-2x) to plan your migration to the latest 2.x version. Support for the 1.x version ended on December 4th, 2020.

2.17.0 (In Progress)

> ====================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
====================

```

**New Features**
----------------

> - `isSupported` now returns `true` for iOS Chrome. (VIDEO-5723)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- twilio-video.js now supports Chrome on iOS versions 14.3 and above. (VIDEO-5723)
```
